we're getting our first look at the
brand new 2017 Grady white freedom 235
now this book replaces the 225 and make
no mistake about it that was a popular
model however Grady's brought some
really nice improvements to it with this
new one starting with the transom area
you get a transom door and a nice easy
walk through to a large F platform
here's the second feature a lot of
boaters are going to be interested in
it's this multi position sliding tilting
lounge seat check this out you can set
that backrest wherever you want it pull
the knob here slide it back and forth
wherever you want the seat to go it's
there the width of this boat is the
third thing that you need to be aware of
now remember the 225 had an 8 foot beam
this boat has an 8 6 feet so you get
more width
throughout the boat up into the Ford
that it's noticeably roomier than
last year's model so if you're
interested in a boat of this type and
size be sure to head over to boats comm
read our review and check this one out
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters